update empty docs (#174)
phoenix-rtos/phoenix-rtos-doc: hostutils/phoenixd.md

# Phoenix Daemon (phoenixd)

> `phoenixd` is a component responsible for managing communication channels and facilitating the boot process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`phoenixd` is a host daemon responsible for managing communication channels and facilitating the boot process.
```

> It provides functionality for handling various types of requests, including kernel and program loading,
> over different communication interfaces such as serial ports, pipes, UDP, and TCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides functionality for handling various types of requests, including kernel and program loading
over different communication interfaces such as serial ports, pipes, UDP, and TCP.
```
